Hi guys I hope you enjoy that section.
And in this tutorial I just want to show you that you can download all of the videos that we create
in this course in order to get access to these videos.
All you have to do is bring up a browser and go to my Tablo public profile.
So go to w w w dot public dot Tablo dot com slash profiles slash curial dot Eremenko.
And here you can see that you can download all of the visuals that we create in this course and not
just the pictures but the actual workbooks So we have to do is like this download icon over here and
you download the workbook to your computer and you can open up in tabel.
So hopefully they'll be useful you can use these visuals to either check your work after you've completed
a section or you can just download them before section and follow along if you like.
It's up to you how you'd like to structure this learning process.
But these resources are there to help you if you need them.
And I hope they'll be helpful.
I look forward to seeing you next time.
And until then happy analyzing.